Don't wear so few clothes in the future
Packing up the dress sticks for the reception
Wow
Mundy said there's a big shot tonight
Got it.
Don't embarrass our big star
Do you hear me?
Do you understand?
As long as Zhiqian Xue is not there
Who can embarrass my sister?
Shh, who told you to mention him?
Our Lin family has nothing to do with him for a long time.
Hey, they're coming, they're coming, wow.
Coming, coming.
That's Limbondi, right?
sister
Miss Lin is dressed up this time
I don't know which brand sponsored it?
Our artists don't need brand sponsorship.
So?
It's the boss of the line who pays for his own artist out of his own pocket
This dress is a heavy industry limited edition of the top luxury brand.
OK, the boss is so generous for Miss Lin
Know the relationship between the two
Is it as rumored on the Internet?
Today is the Golden Dragon Award reception
Please don't overwhelm
Ask professional questions and I'll be happy to answer them
Miss Lin's three-body scale weight last year
I don't know what to think of this year's Golden Dragon Awards
Believe in my abilities over the years
It's there for all to see.
This time, I, Lin Mengdi, will definitely win the Golden Dragon Award.
Hey, who is that person?
The clothes on him
But the top luxury design brand
Right.
How many times more expensive than the collar skirt on him?
That's a lot of money.
That was before Lin Mengdi
I want to borrow unborrowed clothes
Why are you wearing it on them?
Do you know what this place is?
You must know
Otherwise, how could you borrow a product of this grade?
Come to the scene with a woman of this grade
who is he?